Deprecate `context.fix` in favour of the `fix` callback (#7895)
stylelint/stylelint: .changeset/stupid-lizards-run.md

---
"stylelint": patch
---

> Deprecated: `context.fix` in favour of the `fix` callback

Reviewer: [suggest] Minor. Adding `report()` may be more understandable for users. For example,

```suggestion
Deprecated: `context.fix` in favour of the `fix` callback in `report()`
```

Author: ```suggestion
Deprecated: `context.fix` usage in favour of recommending to pass a `fix` callback to `report()`
```

Reviewer: Sounds good 👍🏼
